applications: matter_bridge: Migrate bridged device data to version 2 (#19157)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Matter Bridge
-------------

> * Added support for UniqueID attribute in Bridged Device Basic Information cluster.
> * Added version 2 of bridged device data scheme containing UniqueID.
> * Added Kconfig options to enable migration from older data schemes (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_MIGRATE_PRE_2_7_0` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_MIGRATE_VERSION_1`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added:

  * Support for the ``UniqueID`` attribute in the Bridged Device Basic Information cluster.
  * Version 2 of bridged device data scheme containing ``UniqueID``.
  * Kconfig options :ref:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_MIGRATE_PRE_2_7_0 <CONFIG_BRIDGE_MIGRATE_PRE_2_7_0 >` and :ref:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_MIGRATE_VERSION_1 <CONFIG_BRIDGE_MIGRATE_VERSION_1 >` to enable migration from older data schemes.
```
